Added a CONTRIBUTING.md file (#18)
lhcb/glossary: CONTRIBUTING.md

# How to contribute

This [glossary][repo] is an open-source project, and we welcome contributions of all kinds,
be them new material, corrections or improvements to existing material.
You are also more than welcome to participate in the reviews of pull requests.

> By contributing, you are agreeing that we may redistribute your work under [this license][license].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By contributing, you are agreeing that we may redistribute your work under [CC-BY-4.0][license].
```

Author: OK.

## Getting Started

1.  We use the [fork and pull][gh-fork-pull] model to manage changes. More information
    about [forking a repository][gh-fork] and [making a Pull Request][gh-pull].

2. You should branch from and submit pull requests against the `master` branch.

3. The glossary is homogeneous in its writing. Please use the following template when writing new entries:

   ```markdown

>    ## TERM: The Expanded Real Meaning {#TERM}

Reviewer: We probably have duplicated terms or acronyms

```suggestion
   ## TERM: The Expanded Real Meaning {#HTML_TAG}
```

Author: But `#TERM` is meant to make it clear that it makes sense to have the anchor just as the keyword.

Reviewer: Yeah, your probably right that it's clearer LGTM 👍
